Docsp-28053- write concerns (#157)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/configuration/write.txt

       | **Default:** ``_id``

   * - ``writeConcern.w``

>      - | Specifies ``w``, a write-concern option to acknowledge the level to
>          which the change propagated in the MongoDB replica set. For a list

Reviewer: [suggestion]

I had trouble parsing this sentence. I might suggest a rewording that I think makes it more clear. Also - does it actually acknowledge, or does it request an acknowledgement? 

```suggestion
     - | Specifies ``w``, a write-concern option to request an acknowledgement the write operation has
          propagated to a number of MongoDB instances in a replica set. For a list
```

         of allowed values for this option, see :manual:`WriteConcern
         </reference/write-concern/#w-option>` in the MongoDB manual.
       |

>        | **Default:** ``1`` (acknowledged)

Reviewer: [suggestion]

Would it make sense to remove "(acknowledged)"? Without the context of what this value means, I find it distracting rather than informative. Since the names are no longer a valid option, maybe just have a value of "1" and let folks go to the linked doc for more details?
